Update cpack lecture (#152)
Simulation-Software-Engineering/Lecture-Material: 03_building_and_packaging/cpack_demo.md

# Notes for Installation and Packaging with CMake and CPack Demo

Example code is in [`03_building_and_packaging/examples/cpack`](https://github.com/Simulation-Software-Engineering/Lecture-Material/tree/main/03_building_and_packaging/examples/cpack).

- Show `main.cpp`, `sse/*`: same example as last week
- Goal of this lecture: How can we give this software to somebody else in a proper way? Remember lecture on packaging for Python; now C++ code
- Build and start Docker container:
    - `docker build -t "cpack_demo"`
    - `docker run -it cpack_demo`

## Add Install Target to CMake Configuration

- Show `CMakeLists.txt`
- First observations:
    - We still build a library (`add_library`) and then an executable (`add_executable`).

>     - We do this **for demonstration only**. There is normally no need handle internal dependencies that complicated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - We do this **for demonstration only**. There is normally no need handle internal dependencies in such a complicated way.
```

    - Build the code: We still get an executable `helloworld` and a library `libsse.a`.
- Changes compared to previous version / last week:
    - Version number, not needed yet, but good practice
    - `set_target_properties`: Mark include files needed for `libsse` library (`sse/sse.hpp`) as publicly visible.
        - Needed such that CMake knows which headers should be public and should be installed. By default CMake assumes headers are for internal use (within the current project) only.

>     - `target_include_directories`: Where do we have to look for the dependency depending on the type of build (internally, top-level cmake project, external dependency) TODO

Author: No, good catch!

>     - Include CMake macro `GNUInstallDirs` to get predefined variables such as installation directories. Directories names and their purpose are defined in the [GNU coding standard](https://www.gnu.org/prep/standards/html_node/Directory-Variables.html). TODO

Reviewer: Same as above.
